Pondicherry was my first trip ever with friends for more than a day, and no doubtedly, it was a roller coaster journey. Our initial plan was to go to sakleshpura, by our, I mean, Nitin, Ajith and I. After a series of discussions, overthinking and foreseeing, we changed our plan to Pondicherry and sindhu got onboarded for the journey. Swicthing the decision from sakelshpura to Pondicherry was easy, but little did we know about the mandous cyclone and the showers in Pondicherry. None of us were mentally prepared, we were unsure if we'd even go, even on the last day before we boarded the bus on Dec 14. Sindhu had to lie to her parents. We were in fear of getting caught. we were constantly worried about the weather conditions in pondicherry, looking at weather updates in google every 2 hours. None of our parents were in favour of our decision untill the last moment. But thanks to the will of the god, everything started getting sorted one by one, weather was on our side according to google, which did literally was. All of our parents agreed for us to go, sindhu's parents however did not have a little idea about pondicherry, she was going to dharwad to attend hackathon according to them and this is one thing that made us little worried, because there were chances of getting caught as their parents would receive updates in tamil, if sindhu did not pick the call or were in out of coverage area. She assured us about handling it and we trusted her. 

10 PM Dec 14, outside ajith's house, I was surrounded by street dogs, they were barking at me as if I looked like a midnight theif with their face to toe covered to hide identitiy, but I was only hiding from cold. It sniffed my luggage, thankfully, it did not pee. We then left to the bustop in nitin's car. Sindhu was waiting for us in Ecity bus stop, It'd been around 4 years since I had seen her, and she hadn't changed much since then, her voice got deeper, she was thinner from last time I saw her, her hair got browner and that's it. It started raining when we were waiting for the bus. Perhaps, it was the god, wishing us good luck on our journey. We had a lime juice(nitin and I), ajith had a strawberry soda, mind you he also ended the journey in pondi with strawberry soda. Bus had arrived, we boarded it, it was not a luxury bus but it did the job of taking us to destined place safely. I did not sleep even for a second on the bus, idk why but i just couldn't fall asleep despite having my closed throughout the night. Ajith slept like a baby besides me, he was snoring btw. Sindhu and nitin slept in the lower compartment under us, like a cute couple.

6 AM Dec 15, 