
I am on a path of self discovery where I see things happening in the world, correlate with it and try to adapt some of it into my life. Honestly, as long as I live, I don't wanna live a boring life. However Do not complain your work as boring because you believe in pragmatism. According to this principle, you do things that makes sense and is practical, the field that you're working in gives you shit load of money than any other field, you have plenty of benefits too which isn't really provided in any other profession, but it's not like you can't live life with a 9-5 job. Ofcourse, you will be busy most of the time, time management is the key. Self discipline is the key. Coming back to the point, I don't wanna live a meaningless life like how I am spending my time now. There are lot of wanna be's I wanna be, it all gonna take efforts. Things don't work alike for all. Anyway, all boils down to this, I wanna study myself, change myself, my thoughts, my perception. Look, a person's life is nothing but a cummulation of all the events that takes place in his journey. If two people like something, there'd be a similar experiences in their lives. The perception, thoughts I have now is also accumulation of all happened to me till date and I know for a fact that I am not liking the way of living right now, I need to change for good. When I say change for good, things come into my mind is all filmy types, but no, I am a pragmatist. I believe in things that is possible, but for a matter of a fact I know that I don't wanna be a lazy lethargic asshole, I wanna be active, strong, humorous and heathier. I would surely do things that'll get me there. I never feel so happy when I help a person, like today in the morning, i helped an aunt who missed her bus. She's very old, but hasn'y lost determination, hope. she's ready to start a new life even in her 40s. Just wow. I am so prviledged and grateful for what I have and determined to achieve what all I need. 
PS : This journaling is helping me to think and discover myself, it is also keeping me and my hopes alive. 


What do I like doing/ What do I wanna do/what am I/what I wanna become 
 I am a pragmatist, one of the main qualities of me. I am a very practical person. Okay, I am a procrastinator too, however I am not proud of it, I wanna change. I have huge love for movies, but can't term myself as cinephile cuz I only like to watch and not discuss. There are things in which I have semi interests, books and dcoumentaries. For some reason, I was never into music, however I love to listen, I can't sing and learn lyrics. I like sarcasm a lot. I should watch the family guy and follow some humorous personalities to go into deep, I do love problem solving, i just need a cue to start and a motivation to keep solving and moving. 