I have been reading this book since a long time now, since you already know I am still a slow reader, will improve as time progresses. But anyhow, I am here to document my learnings from the book. There are 92 simple tricks one need to be aware of and follow if necessary to master the art of talking to anybody regardless of their identities. Here is me lisiting out those 92 tricks and expalinig what I understood and remember of the same. 

#### You only have 10 sec to show you're somebody
- The flooding Smile :- The first and most important ingredient that goes into the dish of being a communication expert is the smile, a perfect one, neither too wide nor too dull. Greet anyone whom you meet with a smile, it makes them feel good, which is again the most importatnt thing to achieve. smile often, smile is like a mirror, people smile back at you when you smile at them. 
- Sticky eyes :- Have an eye contact with the person, like it is rightly pointed out in the book, eyes are the most romantic organs in the body. It releases a chemical that induces sexual desires in any human, thus having a deep eye contact is necessary, Don't over do it tho, you might look like a perv, or even get slapped. 
- Epoxy eyes :- This is just the higher version on sticky eyes, aka very sticky eyes. Maitain a very deep and long eye contact with someone, especially if you want that person to geniunely like you or you want to end up in bed with that person, which is again just a possibility. You might end up behind the bars and not behind her sometimes. 
- Hang by your teeth :- What this says is that, posture is everything, you might be smiling and having a great eye contact with a  person but if you are doing it slouching, people lose interest in you, you will look weird, thus have straight back, widened shoulders and upright face when talking to somebody or walking in the office corridors. Be active, your body will anyway rest itself in the night even if your posture is right or wrong throught the day, also there are number of health benefits by having a right posture. 
- The big baby pivot :- When you see a kid, your face is filled with joy and smiles, you radiate a joyous positive radiations, why does that not happen someone of your age or elderly, you are scared of many certain and uncertain things, thus whenever you talk to a person, have a big smile, welcome them with warm regards, it'll make them feel good, and youll have a nice time. 
- Hello Old friend :- See every new person you meet as someone you know already, you need not literally say that I know you, I have seen you somehwere n all, but treat them as you already knew them, as if they were your class 10th school buddy, you guys will tend to become confortable sooner than expected. 
- Limit the fidget :- Even if you are following the above tricks, you might still mess it up, not necessarily cuz of yourself, but external factors, you might scratch your neck like i just did when the room is bit hot and your body is bit icthy, doing this in an important client meeting can be disastarous. Thus nmw, suffer the pain you go through , doesn't matter how the external env is, it'll also help you in imrpving your resistance. A truth told with underconfidence is a lie, roger that. 
- Hans's Horse sense :- Yeah, this was an interesting read, You have to obeserve people's reactions while your'e talking and change your words and style accordingly just like how hans horse didn't actually calculate math, but stopped tapping when the audience sighed. 
- Watch the scene before you make the scene :- This comes in handy often times, you are anyway expert in this particular technique, you imagine every scene before it actually happens, sometimes it does really happen how you thought of it, sometimes not but it's always good to imagine stuff. Just don't imagine random uneccesary stuff tho. 

#### What do I say after I say 'Hello' ?
- The mood match :- When You meet a person, be it your old friend or someone new, you've to just observe the mood of the person, within first few words of theirs and match their mood. If they are exhiltrated or hyperjoyous, it's a hint that you shoud be too. A perfect example is when a child is crying, the mother's first few words would be like "achu acho acho", you're feeling sad as the baby is, then you try to console the baby by making it laugh etc. 
- Prosaic with passion :- At your first interaction, doesn't matter anything you say, it is just fine as long as it not a complaint, creep and unpleasant. be it something positve, even that positive thing that doesn't make sense, deliver it with utmost passion, with enthusiasm, sometimes,  atleast in your first interactions, how you say matters more than what you say. 
- Always wear a Whatzit :- If You are unsure of what topic to start with, start off by scanning the person from top to bottom, find something unique in their appearance, put on a curious face, go to them and ask what iz it, also give a compliment. People wear unique or different things for people to notice, they'd obviously like if that happens, also inorder to attract people, you too wear some whatzit thing. 
- Whoozat :- If you could not find any whatzit thingy in a person, don't worry, whoozat is at your rescue. Ask the host or a person known to your target person about them, know their hobbies, job role or native etc. Then, approach to you target person, like an old friend, greet them with a smile, and voila you guys are in a conversation now.  
- Eavesdrop in :- If none of the above two works, dw again. This time, it'll take a bit effort and courage, also could cost your self respect and ego, but go near to the throng of people where your target is, hear them out, and watch out for wedges using which you can jump in and have some conversation. It could be awkard, but it'll all be momementary. Best case scenario, one of the people can become your better half later in the future. 
- never the naked city :- One of the trivial questions whe you meet new people is where are you from, when it is asked don't just stop by saying the place's name and expect other person to answer, remember a quote, " a person is interested to listen/talk, only if he/she has a follow up question to your words", let it be lil bit elaborative like mine always should be, " I am from Bengaluru, the silicon valley of india, have you ever been to bengaluru?"
- never the naked job :- When the most of the trivial questions, what do you do is asked, you shouldn't be giving a plain job title, give them more context of what company you work for, what are the major milestones you've achieved so far, and a breif explanation about your job. Giving them a plain one liners and grinning at their faces, expecting them to be surprised and ask a question, you should follow up with some extra words immediately, this will give them a context to ask their next question. 
- never the naked introduction :- When you introduce somebody else to some, tell few lines about them along with just name, could be his position, his talent etc! The other person will have a start point to start off a conversation. 
- Be a word detective :- When you're listening to somebody, listen carefully and wait for a word you can stumble upon and use that to fuel your reply or next conversation. 
- The swivelling spotlight :- Let your acquintance shine, let them speak, ask them more questions but not too many and stupid questions, detect what excites them, learn the pattern and make them feel good. They can never forget the conversation they had with you, one of the myths that is floating around is that a person hates themselves, that is wrong, they just can't find a reason to love themselves everytime, give them a cue, they'd start to admire themselves and inturn admire you to letting them feel good about themselves! 
- Parroting :- I love this technique, if you don't have anything to speak, just repeat the last word of the concluding sentece by the other person as a question, they'll dig deeper, think and explain you in much detail, which ofcourse will leave them in awe. This is again a method swiver spotlight on them. 
- Encore :- A repeatation of something that makes people feel good about is a must, when you are in a meeting, let a person say a story that they had told you earlier, or you got to know somehow. It's like "tell everyone the story you meeting narendra modi in a plane", make sure it's something positive and cheerful, not negative, guy should look like a big winner not bufoon.
- Acentuate the positive :- Whenever You meet and have your first talk, let most of the things be positive, let the connection get deeper and then later you can talk about pessimistic stuff. people love positivity, radiate some positive energy, hide all your negatives.
- The latest news, don't leave home without it :- Very very important, current affairs must be the favourite topic for everyone to talk about, be aware of it, if you both guys know what's happening, you might express your views on it, and perhaps have a small debate, if you are the only one who knows, you might just explain it to them in brief, or gather some knowledge from them as well. 


#### How to talk like a big boy n girl? 
- What do you do - Not! - Replace "what do you do" with "How do you spend your time?". The former sounds like you're some ruthless networker or a social climber. 
- The Nutshell Resume - Have a resume of your personal and professional life, and tweak it according to the situations and people. [[Self Discovery]]
- Your personal thesaurus - have a great vocabulary of your own, use some uncommon words to sound more knowledgable and smart. Practice the words and sentences until it flows effortlessly from your mouth. [[Common Sentences and their replacements]], be as creative as possible. 
- Kill the quick "me too" - **Similarity breeds Attraction**, In conversations, if you have something in common, the longer you wait to confess the better it is, that way you can keep your conversation held for a little longer. 
- Comm-YOU-nication -  Start every appropriate sentences with "YOU", it grabs the listener's attention, and keep them as well as the conversation alive. You will most probably receive a positive response, as there is nobody in this world who doesn't like taking about themselves or liking appreciation. 
- The exclusive smile :- give different smiles to different people depending on the relationship, importance, situation, location and intent. 
- Don't touch the cliché with a ten-foot pole - yeah, so don't overuse the common phrases or sentences, think something of your own and use it, when people hear it, and it makes sense to them, you're intelligent and creative to them! 
- Use jawsmith's live - jawsmith is also a person like us, he uses all of his abilities to deliver an extraordinary speech to anybody. Adopt humours, similes and catchy one-liners into your conversations to make it more interesting. Read some books about it. [[Humour touch to conversations]]
- Call a spade a spade : Don't hide behind euphemisms, Don't beat around the bush like a beta male, grow some balls, and tell people straight into their face if they're wrong. 
- Trash the teasing - Never make jokes at someone's expense, it is a very cheap behaviour, and often little cats who make these jokes have themselves embarrassed later, cuz big cats know how to deal with them. 
- It is the receiver's ball - Before throwing out any news, keep the receiver in the  mind, would the person like what I am saying? What is their mood, and how could I match it? You cannot go share very happy news to someone who just lost their dear ones, it is just plain stupidity. 
- The broken record - If someone asks persistently something that is uncomfortable for you to answer, just give the answer you gave at first with the same tone and shut their mouths up!
- Big shots don't slobber - If you see a celebrity in the public, don't overreact, give them their space, and maybe when you're leaving, talk to them for a few seconds, if there is a companion with them, don't forget to greet them as well. 
- Never the naked Thank You - While you're thanking someone, don't just end with two word, follow Thank you with a "for" and describe the occasion. 

#### How to be an Insider in any crowd. 
- Scramble Therapy - Participate in any new activity once in every month, so that you learn new stuff as well as have insider terms to discuss when you're in a group of people having similar interests. Ask the right questions and show some knowledgable interest.
- 