Genre :- crime, love, maritial affair, cultural differences, conflict of inetrests, triangular love story, childhood grief..


It was in the afternoon, I just woke up after getting physically abused by my so called husband whole night, He slept at 3 AM, I was free then, sobbing in tears, dying with pain, burning bruises all over my body, what he has done to me is beyond brutality. He came home at 7 PM, he was furious of something that I assumed was related to office and business issues, but little did I know, a stranger had actually stopped him on his way home, He was threatened to be killed, he and his car glass was shattered into pieces. Nevertheless, He came home, he had a grumpy face all time, I asked him what was the matter, he didn't answer, he went straght to bed room, locked the door, I could hear him going to the washroom, he came out of the room after an hour with a smile on his face, fully freshed up. I was terrified till I saw him afresh, smelling good. He apologised for not answering, and said he was upset over some office relate issues. He kissed me on my forehead. I hugged him as if there was no tomorrow, which couldv'e turned true if he he didn't fall asleep at 3. He went to the garage and got five bottles of whisky, a soda and an injection sort of thingy which seemed like drugs. He was a non alcoholic person and I was so flabbergasted to see him bringing those into the living room. He sat there, drinking a bottle after bottle. He was comepletely high, I tried to stop him, but he wouldn't listen, he even pushed me away. Never had ever laid his hand on me, but this time, he did, very hardly. He hurled the bottle at me and asked me stay away from him, the bottle hit me in my head, it didn't break as I did not have a hard skull. 